"Love After Addiction"
(Episode 4)
You're quite skilled!
Brother Yang,
Is breakfast ready?
We're here to crash your meal!
Be right there!
Let me give you a hand.
Put more salt on for me, please.
I like my food salty.
Aren't you here
to experience life?
No need to help?
What right do you have to ask me that,
and why are you asking me like this?
Isn't that Yang Meng's cup?
When you visit someone's home
you don't just go touching their stuff!
No wonder you "collapsed."
I did more than just use his cup.
This water was poured
by Yang Meng with his own hands.
So sweet!
Don't listen to his nonsense.
Let's eat!
Here, I remember you love this.
I just pickled it today.
Thank you.
Who is he?
Li Mei.
My best sister.
I meant him.
Xu Che.
Yang Meng's best younger brother.
Best younger brother...
Then I should clarify
our relationship.
Eat.
Eat up!
Dig in!
Enjoy!
Brother Yang!
Back when I was at school，
I kept craving this pancake you make.
How much did you crave it?
I remember the first time
you cooked for me.
It was still...
That was just last time, wasn't it?
Anyway, the cafeteria's food
can't hold a candle to yours.
Isn't that obvious?
It's been so long
and you still remember.
Of course.
How could I not know about you?
How well do you know?
Spill it.
Don't keep serving others.
You eat more.
If you keep serving, they'll finish it all.
Eat some meat, Brother
Yang—gives you energy.
Eat more vegetables.
Good for digestion.
Have some soup, Brother
Yang—it's good for your lungs.
If you think my cooking is bad.
You can say so straight up.
Dear guests
hello, everyone!
Welcome
to our Lanwan Village.
Today
we've arranged for you to experience
the folk life of Lanwan Village.
We've planned activities like beachcombing
farming
digging for oysters.
Oh, and
of course, fishing.
We hope
you'll all do your best.
As for your living expenses
you'll also need to
work hard to earn money for them.
We hope you'll give it your all.
Yes.
And this
is our architect, Xiao Qin.
She'll also join you
in the activities.
Please give her a round of applause.
As for today's activities
I believe you all
already have a good idea.
We ask that you strictly follow
our competition rules.
Each guest will be paired with
one islander.
It looks like you've already grouped up.
Then later, everyone
please fully experience
the folk life of our Lanwan Village.
Now, I announce
the competition begins!
First up:
fishing!
The one who catches the least weight
will face punishment.
Let's go!
Welcome to our fishing raft.
Here, we farm a lot of
red sea bream, black sea bream,
and as you can see
nets full of abalone.
Now, be careful everyone,
remember to walk
with good balance.
Don't fall in!
Our fishermen here.
Because our village
If you want to relax tonight,
then listen and be a good boy.
... to make a living from this aquaculture.
And now
because this industry
is quite advanced and developed
that's why we upgraded
to have this kind of fishing raft.
So you can come here.
Today.
Please do me a favor.
You should prepare yourself first.
What preparation?
Let me tell you,
A fishermen's life isn't easy.
Lots of bugs
lots of troubles.
If you're really as fussy as yesterday，
you'll have a hard time.
Just you wait.
Young man!
That fierce determination
of yours is really good.
Just like an old fisherman.
Thank you, uncle.
So it was just a show.
Brother Meng!
Let me help you.
Xiao Meng.
You need to hurry up.
Otherwise,
Xiao Mei will be snatched by someone else.
What a pity, right?
So charming!
Attracting both men and women!
Worked so hard but only caught one.
Figure it out yourself.
What else could it be?
Isn't it just because you're inexperienced?
Just give me
two from your bucket.
The camera won't catch it.
Fish yourself.
Just help out a newbie, will you?
Don't be so stingy.
Now I have less than you.
Keep it up!
The competition outcome is clear.
The losing side
will face punishment.
Sing a song!
This person
is
Me!
Music!
[Just the most insufferable graphics
explaining what you're seeing on screen]
(Smiling in the back)
(Still smiling)
(Gradually getting the technique down)
Catching so many fish，
why did we get hardly any cash?
They work hard for a whole month
and earn less than you in a day.
What are you saying?
Uncle!
Did I bump into you?
Are you okay, uncle?
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Uncle,
what's in your basket?
Homemade wine.
Stood at the market all day today
and no one bought any.
Want to buy some?
How much can this buy?
I'll take it all.
Are you sure?
This is your day's
living expenses.
I'm sure.
I've been selling wine for thirty years.
Don't need anyone's pity.
If you really like it，
then buy.
I'll give you one bottle for free.
Give... give me?
No.
Uncle, I didn't mean that.
Try it first.
Slow down, slow down!
Finished filming today's footage.
I'll head back now.
Putting on a show again.
Uncle!
You've had a tough day too.
Listen to me.
I'll take it all.
Take it.
Stop acting, Yoki.
The cameraman has left.
What acting?
I can tell the uncle's wine is good.
So many workers in the production team,
I'll buy some for them to try.
What's wrong?
Alright.
Be safe on your way back.
Thank you, thank you.
What are you looking at?
Never seen a man
who likes to drink?
Thanks, young man.
You know, after a whole day's work
we didn't earn much.
What a terrible show!
For me?
I want it.
It's quite tasty.
Do you remember me?
No.
I'm an idol, you're not.
Why should I remember you?
I don't even know you.
What?
What... what are you doing?
Going home.
Why go home?
To work.
Work.
You think it's free?
You change faces instantly, huh?
Wait for me.
You have good alcohol tolerance.
This homemade country wine
is one of Lanwan Village's
specialties.
Really?
Then buying so much at once,
I must have gotten a good deal, right?
Yoki...
I want to apologize to you.
I doubted you all day today.
Doubted me?
Doubted me about what?
I doubted you
that your hardworking
attitude was all an act.
Every time you smile at the mirror,
I think,
you're just putting on a show.
I'm sorry.
What?
Should I cry in front of the camera then?
But...
I can understand.
From my debut till now,
from in front of the camera to behind it,
everyone thinks I'm putting on a show.
Whatever.
You must not care
about what those people think, Yoki.
In my heart,
I think you're a
sincere, hardworking person.
Really.
Brother,
Weren't you just saying
you doubted I was putting on a show?
I...
Today I saw you
give all your living expenses
to that old man.
So I think you're a
sincere person.
Didn't you give some too?
I saw everything.
Don't tell me that 200 yuan
wasn't from you.
Yoki,
I want to ask you a question.
Ask.
Ask it with your whole chest.
Back in high school...
You liked your male deskmate...
So...
So now,
do you still like boys?
What are you laughing at?
What's so funny?
What?
If I say yes,
are you afraid I'll be interested in you?
Don't worry.
I've taken Chinese medicine for years
and I'm completely cured now.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have "collapsed"
by dating an actress.
Cheating, domestic violence...
two-timing...
what else?
I always thought
that Fang Xiaotian was fake.
You're jealous.
You're jealous, right?
If it's not real, why would I be jealous?
Then...
If it were real,
you'd be jealous?
But,
you look really handsome
when you're jealous.
I've decided,
every day from now on,
I'll make you jealous.
Every day?
What?
Don't believe me?
Alright.
Yoki, where are you going?
To make you believe me.
Alright, alright.
I believe you, okay?
Want to get on the boat?
Get on the bed?
Right here?